How to place orders

TLDR slack Chris

Check the Biochemistry intranet for purchasing info as well (https://uwprod.sharepoint.com/sites/biochem/purchasing)

The Biochemistry office has a stock room in the back with pens, printer paper, notebooks and other basic stuff

Other (strictly) office supplies (printer toner, etc) must be ordered through the Biochem department
Use program ID PG000019893

Check in if you’re ordering something over $1000 or if you have any questions, otherwise just get it
Ordering
Ship-to address: BSB (440 Henry Mall)
Deliver-to address: Biochemical Sciences, DeLuca, Hector F-0204-02-2208

Current shortcode split (Jun 10, 2026)
PG000032603 - 50%
PG000036118 - 50%

To set this up
Search for “Create Requisition Worktags Template” in workday
Give it a name
Pick “create split allocations template”
Enter the programs with the given percentages above
Use this as your funding info during requisitions

How to set defaults
Use magic (aka I forget)

Plasmidsaurus
We have a standing PO.

Submit your order to Plasmidsaurus through your own account
Ask for help setting it up if you have any questions
Use the PO number PO-00183342 for the payment method
Follow the instructions to prepare your sample and drop it off in the dropbox
Wait for sequencing results

Ordering a gene from Addgene
You can’t just order a gene from Addgene - it needs to go through some additional steps. It’s still simple though. If you’re unsure about anything just email purchasing, they’re very helpful.

Find the construct on Addgene
Submit a non-catalog order for the construct
Biochem purchasing should make the order on your behalf and handle the logistics.
You might get some emails forwarded to you to sign - make sure you do.
Hannah might need to fill out an approval but that will also be emailed to her.
Wait for your gene!

Receiving orders
If it’s not a chemical
Give it to whoever ordered it. If that was you:
Open it (important step)
Remove the packing slip and make sure everything is right
Store the packing slip in the packing slip spot (as of Feb 5, 2026 this is in a drawer labeled “packing slips”)
Break down any boxes and put them out to recycle
Put it away
If a chemical was ordered through Chemmanager
The package should arrive with barcodes attached to it. It has already been entered in the lab chemical stores, it just needs to be received by the lab. Open Chemmanager, select receiving actions, search for the item there and receive it. Make sure to use the correct barcode on the container.

If a chemical was ordered outside of Chemmanager
To add items to chemmanager that were purchased outside of it, you need to create a container.
Material search
Search for compound (using the CAS number is usually best)
Select “add container” from the correct chemical that comes up
Add details and add barcode
Voila
Common orders
Gloves
USA Scientific etc
Pipette tips
Blah blah
Serological syringes
Etc
Etc